["i don't see oh then now i see it." 'to craft sand oldies right .'
 'oh brother uh.' 'i see somebody placing a card.' 'in a.' 'folder .'
 'it looks like a cleo placing a card in the folder.'
 "you must can't you have my glasses on but i still can't tell that they're steams yeah."
 "yeah they're small yet."
 'yeah you have a magnifying glass year and i put that up and i could see their stamps yeah.'
 "well uh i don't collect them that well occasionally now but."
 'i collected fountain pens .' 'that war of a particular brand .'
 'and also a particular look .' 'and also for the way they write .'
 'for instance um.' 'mont blanc pens.' 'i had the uh i have.'
 "that he came out with a writer's series." 'uh dem up a saint.'
 'e ernest timing way.' 'they had them uh the name .'
 'engraves on those pens .' 'they were called the writers are right yeah.'
 'call away your own pull.' 'and so i have.'
 'four out of the six in that series.' 'oh and uh.'
 'i have a a pen that was used in the eighteen late eighteen hundreds .'
 'by a physician .' 'and i have a pen that was manufactured.' 'in my .'
 'birth year nineteen twenty eight.' nan
 "and you know i've got some really ."
 'pens that feel uniquely differently from the way.'
 'a lot of pens fill wow .'
 "yeah yeah i enjoyed it i don't do it that much anymore."
 'uh mainly because i just got tired of riding with the fountain pen.'
 'i started myself i just.'
 "it's crazy the i always just liked her right ."
 'a a long and yeah at uh.' 'when i was in fifth grade .' 'u i on a uh.'
 'hand riding contest.' 'at the university of oklahoma .'
 'a script by rod in script the palm or method.'
 'and now they teach i think good printing .' 'the everybody prints.'
 'really yeah my uh yeah.' "and that's interesting."
 'no i uh and i still like to right uh uh i .'
 "occasionally i'll be my desk ."
 "and i'll just ride through the alphabet you know a through z with a particular pen."
 "uh they're right as well ." 'a oh yeah i have safer pan.'
 'a i have a waterman pen.'
 'that and i have a really nice waterman pendant my wife.'
 'was in france and she went to the factory and got me a really nice pen.'
 'uh she was with my daughter and her husband.' 'um i have that .'
 'i have um.' 'shade for pins.' 'u u u bolong .' 'uh mom mate grow.' nan
 'uh let me see.' "i'm certain thinking about this uh." 'oh .' 'i like.'
 nan 'i guess the waterman and .'
 'well it seems to be the right size for my hand.'
 "and it rights just as smooth as silk really writes well it's a fountain pen."
 "and uh so it's very comfortable so i would say the comfort and the writing ."
 "that's that's why i liked it the best of all."
 "but i'll tell you they're all pretty good yeah yeah."
 'it was the university of oklahoma.'
 'but what happened was they were having this riding contest.'
 'and i have an aunt had any who lived in oklahoma.'
 'and she heard about the writing contest and she heard of my writing.'
 'so i submitted it through her she should live it.'
 'for me and i want it.' "i i don't know and i never knew."
 'the recognition was my name was placed.' 'on on black and put .'
 'hung on a wall some place in the university of oklahoma.'
 "uh i'm thinking it must have been uh."
 'i see about nineteen fifty two oh well oh well.' 'a you had to write .'
 'uh three paragraphs.' 'in long hand.' 'using the palmer method of uh .'
 'of making the letters.' 'and and uh a tht ly i did that.'
 'a better than anybody else well ha or.' "it's the pot it's a ."
 'the script method .' 'that a teach your taught.'
 'you know when i was a kid which was.'
 'you do eighty five years ago or so with .'
 'but uh it was just a way of making your letters.'
 'i like it it was very specific if you were going to write and oh you had to write the o.'
 'in particular way right .' 'into where they said it would be uh .'
 'most most correct.'
 'and the letters had to look like the letter you know that you were right.'
 'uh.' "you know it's interesting when i guess."
 'a only when i do christmas cards.'
 "and then i would sign my name and if i'd say dear whoever this would all be in script."
 'oh how about that yeah i got you look his mother.'
 "my wife's mother yeah is she write using anchor pencil."
 "oh yeah but like it's nice." 'a fifteen.' 'nouse and pairs and shoes.'
 "i don't understand why a person wont want that but ."
 "the somebody wouldn't understand why i collected thirty pens either right."
 "well i think it's good to have a hobby but i also think you can over do it you know you could get so ."
 'a one to hear if people are speaking of stamps .'
 "if it's a rear stamp and now i spent thousands of dollars to."
 'acquire it.'
 "but person it's just an opinion i think you can overdo it yeah yeah."
 "anything you want us to collect the pants from my hobby and stuff i don't know whether you considerate."
 'collecting but .' 'i i like to play chess.' 'and i have.'
 'well as three really nice chest its.'
 "yeah no i that's it uh i think of chess and ." 'and i and again i just.'
 'i happen to like those three sets .' 'oh i learned it.' 'when i was.'
 'in early junior high school as far as i can recall .'
 "and i've played it off and on but i've never played."
 'so the you know seriously i call myself a recreational player.'
 'well i was a .'
 'oh a good recreational player but i never went into it.'
 "where you'd read a chest book." 'and memorize certain openings.'
 'uncertain closings i never got.' 'into with that like that right .'
 'but i just like to play you know .'
 "well it's pretty hard to this one is uh."
 "um fall it's false it's not really ivory but it looks like ivory."
 'the piece is the white and the black theres ahi and black.'
 'and then i have a set that my wife got me.' "that's really nice."
 'median kind of size.' 'and there um.' 'a brown one .'
 'set is brown and the other .' 'uh set is uh.' 'very like light brand.'
 'instead of black and white yeah .' 'and then the third set.'
 "it's uh let me think about that."
 "it's a set that i got years ago for myself because it."
 'i just saw it and liked it yeah .'
 'came in a nice container in the whole bit you know.' 'no never yeah.'
 "a well that's interesting uh."
 "i don't play that let's say i play once or twenty six months but it's on the computer."
 'oh the computer one.' 'it has a software.'
 'and and the computer plays against you know the computer sex selects the moves.'
 'and uh i like to do that every now and then but the point i wanted to make.'
 'i even put up sin i live in king city.'
 'and i put up signs that i made.' 'asking if anybody would like to play.'
 'a recreational chess once said once a month.'
 'because we had a group on long island that we played .'
 'uh every two weeks.' "but what's interesting here is."
 "that i didn't get one response." 'so not one person .' 'uh .'
 "uh you know not really unless it's just that people ."
 "you know it's a senior citizen community." 'and maybe he just.'
 "the people saying o i used to play but i i'm too old or whatever in oh yeah."
 "is it it's strange i didn't get one response not one ."
 'but what i did do when i came here.'
 'i went down and i played chess with the chest.'
 'this is the sure wood high school chess club.' 'oh and uh.'
 'they really like that the kids should play me a game you know and .'
 'and i know a little more than they did so it worked out nicely over.'
 'uh no.'
 'oh yeah the good i used to play checkers naturally when i was a kid.'
 "but i don't play checkers anymore at all i haven't played in ."
 'thirty years or four years or whatever it is.' 'two.' nan
 "let's see that's in washington dc right yes."
 "i i don't recall it i was ."
 'around twelve years old at the time hole we.'
 "so uh i don't i don't recall but i know i was there yeah." 'um well .'
 "i um i don't yeah i i wouldn't remember."
 'oh well i was twelve or thirteen .'
 "my mother's sister lived in oklahoma." 'and she came back to visit us.'
 'to visit not us but to visit.' 'and she took a soul to washington .'
 'uh i was living with the person she was.' 'i called her and josephine.'
 "but she wasn't really my aunt yeah."
 'she was just a good really good friend of the family.'
 'and i was living with her.' 'at that time r n husband.'
 "no and i wouldn't say that's true of me it all any any of them oh really."
 'hi i do it simply because.' "and i don't do it that much but i yeah i ."
 'it just simply because i like to do it yeah you like pens.'
 'yeah i got it.'
 "well that's good i when you mentioned that i can say i like."
 'dealing with the stuff like the pan i told you about the.'
 'i there was some the late eighteen hundreds .'
 'the way you feel it is within an eye dropper.'
 'so and you like that part of it you know.'
 'just being a little different .']