['okay.' 'hobbies hobbies.' "it's a wood worker." 'are you on the .'
 'ports of their hands no.' 'no tile tile.' 'well my hobby now is um.'
 'adult coloring books oh i color.'
 'i have all kinds of media to work with and uh.'
 'amid colored cats and then i framed them and i sell them for five dollars each .'
 'o oh no just right here in a building is a three hundred unit building so.'
 "oh now having money i've had a lot of customers yet."
 "uh i don't know uh." 'well like about house maybe six years ago.'
 'my cousin from new york sent me .' 'u a chat coloring but was .'
 "some colored peels and i found out hey this is one it's relaxing ."
 'and i always look forward to doing it.' 'when i had time.'
 "otherwise i don't know ive would have gotten into it but that's how it started and so i."
 "i've gotten better and better and using more and more different uh ."
 'gel pens a neon pens uh .' 'pencils uh markers .' 'and uh.'
 'oh uh the the jlp the um .'
 "there's regular jel panne on japan but i like the glitter gel pen."
 'it comes out really nicely on the paper.'
 'i was at a really nice like yeah.' "it's not it just has a little ."
 'it looks like tiny cheat tiny diamonds and it is what it was like i guess you would college us.'
 "the sparkles but they're very minebut it the way that ink."
 "it flows onto the papers but i like most there's something about the quality of the ."
 'that the jolt the gel glitter pens.'
 'you are glitter gel pens whatever way i want to put it so .'
 "while you're young and active you don't the interest right now."
 "but i should become more sodden cherry they're great ."
 "yeah you you don't believe it but you well i've learned that ."
 "could you look at my eyes so i know that you're looking at me uh uh uh i i appreciate that oh okay uh."
 "so um is your question no i've never had an interest."
 'uh previously although i did like .' 'and sometimes i have to .'
 'uh very sparsely interested in charcoal .' 'and a pencil so.'
 'char larry very little.' 'oh yes i was.' 'um well.'
 'yeah i i i had to work a lot so.' 'yeah i modeled.'
 'it in time the woman was looking for red heads and so.'
 'it asked me to come model in not just sit forlife you.'
 'i guess eight hours was a eight hours or five hours but it was a long time .'
 'sitting very still .' 'u and i got paid for that but um.'
 "and i found i couldn't do that anymore this is at one time."
 "ya i asked me to come back but i couldn't."
 "well yeah but that's not as just that i suffer sometimes from kino fatigue."
 "and so i didn't have the energy the next time they wanted me to come."
 'um .'
 'i was so no energy i had to call them up and they were very disappointed because it was the same day we.'
 'that was supposed to come that i call it and realized i just did not have enough energy.'
 "a all of that yeah that i didn't mind it was just getting there."
 'i dont know if you know a thing about crinolines and rom but it was just .'
 'getting myself dressed and getting there.'
 "what's the big problem was the biggest of the problems yeah."
 'oh go here my house yeah i i.'
 "i had to change my schedule with my housekeeper so she's here."
 "but she's you know she has things to do and she."
 'she i think she understood my uh my instructions and if not why she might ask me a question.'
 "if she doesn't understand what i had faster to do but otherwise ."
 'again i worked so much of my life.'
 'and i um there was a homeless man that came a tour building and he was selling the ukulele for forty dollars.'
 "and i said i can't afford that."
 'he said i twenty i got a you clearly for twenty dollars and i never touched it.'
 "it's just sitting in a couple of brown paper bags up in my closet ."
 'the what they say.'
 'but i decided to focus whatever time they had to learning .'
 'about how to using how to use facebook and the computer and stuff like that.'
 'i can only put myself up.' 'commit myself to one thing at a time now.'
 "and so of course like you grew up with that but i didn't."
 'oh absolutely i mean uh.'
 'we people just always have their walking fast have their heads down.'
 'with a phone of the year .' "and it's uh when i first started ."
 'twenty years ago i guess i started seeing at ortho twenty yeah about twenty years ago.'
 'fifteen years ago i saw the same it was very disconcerting .'
 'and if i heard someone talking on their phone in public i would.'
 'you crucify them i would say nasty things and talking out.'
 'because i thought it was awfully rude.' "a yeah that's weird."
 "i don't know why they think it's more important to talk on the phone that the person ."
 "that's right across from the more to the reading dinner with or whatever."
 'but the thing is you need to know which buttons to brush right.'
 'right so anyway but that was my problem for a long time which button am i supposed to push it.'
 "of course i couldn't live without my phone now it comes with me all the time it's sitting right next to me right now i had to turn them off."
 "you know i know exactly when it's twelve o'clock and i pushed."
 "re big green chat button and i turn my phone off and it's right here."
 "and i'll turn it right on again when when we finished chatting so."
 "i don't see how i ever looked about it."
 "oh and i don't know and it's only been a few years."
 'were you or one of the biggest things for me is i take the bus a lot public transportation and now i can tell them.'
 "i didn't know when the buses come in when he first started calling ."
 "i said what's the big deal you just stand there or sit here and wait you know why why can't you just wait."
 "but now if i forget my phone and i'm at the bus stop i'm really irritated."
 'well i use my computer for that.'
 'so uh but i do order online amazon usually.'
 'what are the places as well.' "one i've never ordered food online."
 "i used to i have order of pizza i'll call up and ask ."
 "i i'm sorry i find it difficult to trust ."
 'and tha anyway go ahead brendan you were gonna say something.'
 'um no but my first thought of a robot is that.'
 'getting one of those right little round things that clean the floor.'
 'is this as far as i can think in terms of odd robots .'
 'yeah a cotton shot .' 'i do they work out.'
 "i hand in my chair no i don't think so." 'a yeah yeah when fit.'
 'if i had the money i would be traveling.'
 "i'm a low income person and so uh." 'uh traveling i did take.'
 'maybe it was.' 'i hope forty years ago.'
 'renounce me maybe forty five years ago there was a thing through greyhound with a .'
 'that was called ameri pass and so for fifty dollars you could travel all over the country .'
 'on this path and so i went from i lived in florida at the times i went from .'
 'in miami.'
 'and the same bus took me all the way up to san francisco along the coastline there you know through texas and all that.'
 'and up to portland where my dad was little grass pass where my dad was living .'
 'and so i visited him for a few days and then went on to.'
 'in chicago and .'
 "a i was sleeping early in the morning i didn't wanna quite wake up yet though the sun is started to shine."
 'and going toward chicago all these businessmen came on .'
 'they used the greyhound bus to get to work and .'
 "sitting next to me and standing and i'm trying to rest as i'm tired and all these."
 'businessmen and they got off in chicago and then i went down.'
 'i tore the south through .' 'louisiana and there were two .'
 'parades going on which what part of louisiana ma talking about new orleans.'
 'and so um there were two parades once at the opening of the library and another one .'
 'and colorful uniforms on each foreign blowing .'
 'and when i got to the greyhound station it was just red and yellow and green and blue the ceilings were painted in the walls.'
 "i mean i would love to live there really that's my kind of place."
 'cosmopolitan and colorful and .' 'musical and anyway.'
 'i hear one i lane yeah and actually went up from portland up to washington though through montana.'
 'and that took days to get through montana.'
 'but you may then on to chicago so i forgot about that part of the trip.'
 'yeah i was really a fascinating trip.'
 'a combination i want to visit i lived in porto rico .'
 'and so um i threw over to miami .'
 'if you catch the but i save with a friend for a few days then.'
 'i took the greyhound like i said and uh.'
 'and back on the station the greyhound stations were not.'
 "as dangerous as they had become i don't know how they are now it's been a long time but."
 'yet later when i traveled by bus they would.'
 'turned out to be kind of dangerous and even here in portland the.'
 "the bus station was dangerous but now that they moved that i think it's a lot less dangerous but i no i don't know."
 "so i don't know where i was going with this what was your question."
 'i want to see the country we lived at .' 'a i was born in san pedro .'
 "i and my brother who's eighteen months jungle me was born in virginia a da was in a navy ."
 'and then we were back to california for um.'
 'my second brother and then the rest of the.'
 'my siblings are as nine of us the rest of the siblings is the last six .'
 'for barn and opening new york as we were .'
 'i want living on long island but .'
 'you know we traveled because my dad was in a male we live from florida and .'
 'in different parts of california.'
 'and now the the parts of new york and virginia .'
 "except the middle of the country which i wouldn't be interested in seeing anyway since it's all red."
 "ya i know i haven't heard that but i i can imagine they are and were the when we first came to portland um."
 "my husband and i laughed it's not tiny little bit we've lived in new york."
 'and we were just laughing hilariously because people were trying to ski on his line but a snuff.'
 'but then our first expertise with ice storms was here in format.'
 "oh no don't you are probably too young but it was like ."
 'uh thirty thirty five years ago there were heavy ice storms at much time here.'
 'i mean the big icicles stall at.'
 'tits hanging from trees i look like lactide heavy.'
 'bicycles big ones hanging from trees and branches would break off.'
 'heavy branches would break off onto ever heard about that but .'
 'when i was young men i walked through downtown portland and it was just.'
 'a winter wonderland of ice .'
 "i didn't it's now er than a rain or vice versa then turned them to ice on."
 "so that's what happened and i think that."
 "go ahead brendan i'm talking away here oh no i said ."
 "we didn't i you haven't heard about the ice strong report and."
 "no i'm surprise that no one ever talks about them."
 'so it was a shock to my bus my husband i was just shocked we.'
 'it all is i all over the place.' 'that surprised no one talks about it.'
 'but anyway yeah all time ago.'
 "oh i know a massive people park i'll be dark yeah small world."
 'yeah haha it is yeah the only.'
 'one good for you friend yeah how old are you.'
 'the us still very young.' 'oh you mean on long island that.' nan
 "that's just been so long but i would go through brooklyn if i well you that is a very amazing place."
 "it's a while the difference between manhattan and brooklyn ."
 "is extreme and so private to a person like you he doesn't living they may notice that."
 "i mean last new york as we didn't know ice ot much but it is a very extreme the accents are different it's amazing ."
 'so anyway i went people who live in brooklyn .'
 'like they can proudly say i i work in manhattan like them happens a big.'
 'the big hot the big um .'
 "kona uh yeah the big hit was a wine word the bichon mom it's the big its the big the biggest most important island of the of the new york islands so."
 'everyone every below i realized it was no no no.'
 "if you live in brooklyn or staten island you know that manhattan is still a bear home and you're proudly you we're proudly same and i work manhattan."
 "but uh because you think it's a better island then say brooklyn."
 'but i still say that both of them are interesting manhattan and from them.'
 'of uh brooklyn but the understand.' 'manhattan brooklyn staten island.'
 nan
 "i used to know him but i don't anymore i think it's a at even just visiting the different boroughs i think you'd find fascinating."]